[ntuple] Add support for `std::set` fields (#12948)
root-project/root: tree/ntuple/v7/doc/specifications.md

The alternative, dense representation uses a `Bit` column to mask non-existing instances of the subfield.
In this second case, a default-constructed `T` (or, if applicable, a `T` constructed by the ROOT I/O constructor) is stored on disk for the non-existing instances.

#### std::set<T>

While STL sets by definition are associative containers (i.e., elements are referenced by their keys, which in the case for sets are equal to the values), on disk they are represented as indexed collections.
This means that they have the same on-disk representation as `std::vector<T>`, using two fields:

>   - Collection mother field of type SplitIndex32 or SplitIndex64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Collection mother field whose principal column is of type `(Split)Index[64|32]`
```
